--- Test Case Coverage ---
Name of test file and description of its test case.

1) gzip-env - Test the obsolescent GZIP environment variable.
2) helin-segv - Before gzip-1.4, gzip -d would segfault on some inputs.
3) help-version - Make sure gzip works when invoked with --help or --version
4) hufts-segv - Exercise a bug whereby an invalid input could make gzip -d misbehave.
5) keep - Exercise the --keep option.
6) list - Exercise the --list option.
7) memcpy-abuse - Before gzip-1.4, this the use of memcpy in inflate_codes could mistakenly operate on overlapping regions.  Exercise that code.
8) mixed - Ensure that gzip -cdf handles mixed compressed/not-compressed data. Before gzip-1.5, it would produce invalid output.
9) null-suffix-clobber - Before gzip-1.5, gzip -d -S '' k.gz would delete F.gz and not create "F"
10) stdin - Ensure that gzip interprets "-" as stdin.
11) timestamp - Exercise timestamps
12) trailing-nul - gzip accepts trailing NUL bytes; don't fail if there is exactly one.
13) unpack-invalid - gzip should report invalid 'unpack' input when uncompressing.
14) unpack-valid - Test end-of-block check in unpack code
15) upper-suffix - Ensure an upper-case user-specified suffix works as expected.
16) z-suffix - Check that -Sz works.
17) zdiff - Exercise zdiff with two compressed inputs.
18) zgrep-f - Ensure that zgrep -f - works like grep -f -
19) zgrep-content - Ensure that zgrep -15 works.
20) zgrep-signal - Check that zgrep is terminated gracefully by signal when its grep/sed pipeline is terminated by a signal.
21) znew-k - Check that znew -K works without compress(1)


New tests that are not part of make check, must be run individually:
The new tests are in the tests folder, and is run using the command ./newTests.sh

1) Parallel Compression with 4 Threads decompressed file integrity test -- Pass
2) Parallel Compression with 8 Threads decompressed file integrity test -- Pass
3) Appended decompressed files same as appended original files -- Fail
4) Decompressed file of 2 Thread compression and 4 Thread are the same -- Pass
5) Decompressed file of 4 Thread compression and 8 Thread are the same -- Pass